Recommended Version of Python: 3.12.4

Run the Following Commands:

1.) python setup_script.py (To download sense2vec_2015 and then the script will also extract it in the same folder)

2.) python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm

3.) pip install -r requirements.txt

4.) Lastly Execute "python main.py Sample.pdf" where Sample is the file which contains the text from which it will generate MCQs. During first time execution of this file
    it will download t5 models and some nltk files, you can take a peek in model_downloader.py

5.) mcq_generator.py is the main file which has all the code, you can take a look and have a good understanding at how it works and generate mcqs from a paragraph.

6.) Additionally you can also setup cuda functionality if you want to use gpu functionality, depending on the version of cuda installed on your computer, go to pytorch.org
    and select the requirements and execute the command which shows after selecting your desired fields.For me it was something like this, version varies:
    "pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu124"

7.) In order to check if cuda is successfully installed, in other words your model can use your gpu, simply run python gpu.py, if it shows your graphic card model, then
    you are good to go.

8.) To generate desired number of MCQs go to mcq_generator.py,then in def get_nouns_multipartite(content): set the value of "no_of_mcqs=" your own choice.

Further Improvements (For any particular subject e.g Computer, Physics etc ):

	The model needs to be finetuned for computer science specific field in order to generate more precise and more meaningful MCQs. It can be finetuned from the datasets 
	available on huggingface, or you can use different models such as flan t5 small or BERT for better results.

	The distractors produced also needs to be checked that they are related to computer specific field.
	
	The better the training the better the results.

	Any confusion or queries or any further improvements feel free to let me know or open a discussion.

Thanks



